CASMMON-138: Updates to resolve issues when operator doesn't restore service/cray-bos-etcd-client (#1600)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/Restore_an_etcd_Cluster_from_a_Backup.md

    cray-bos/etcd.backup_v86767_2020-03-19-18:00:05
    ```

2. Restore the cluster using a backup.

>     Replace etcd.backup\_v277935\_2020-03-30-23:52:54 in the command below with the name of the backup being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replace `etcd.backup_v277935_2020-03-30-23:52:54` in the command below with the name of the backup being used.
```

    cray-bos/etcd.backup_v86767_2020-03-19-18:00:05
    ```

1. Restore the cluster using a backup.

    Replace `etcd.backup_v277935_2020-03-30-23:52:54` in the command below with the name of the backup being used.

    ```bash
    ncn# kubectl exec -it -n operators \
             $(kubectl get pod -n operators | grep etcd-backup-restore | head -1 | awk '{print $1}') \
             -c util -- restore_from_backup cray-bos etcd.backup_v277935_2020-03-30-23:52:54
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd created
    ```

1. Watch the pods come back online.

    This may take a couple minutes.

    ```bash

>     ncn-w001# kubectl -n services get pod | grep SERVICE_NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ncn# kubectl -n services get pod | grep SERVICE_NAME
```

    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    cray-bos-etcd-498jn7th6p             1/1     Running              0          4h1m
    cray-bos-etcd-dj7d894227             1/1     Running              0          3h59m
    cray-bos-etcd-tk4pr4kgqk             1/1     Running              0          4
    ```

1. Delete the `EtcdRestore` custom resource.

    This step makes it possible for future restores to occur. Replace the `etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd` value with the name returned in
    the earlier step when creating the backup.

    ```bash

>     ncn-w001# kubectl -n services delete etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ncn# kubectl -n services delete etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd
```

        ncn-w001# kubectl -n services delete etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd
        etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com "cray-bos-etcd" deleted
        ```
        

> 4. Verify if service/cray-bos-etcd-client was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify that the `cray-bos-etcd-client` service was created.
```

       ```bash

>        $ kubectl get service -A | grep cray-bos-etcd-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       ncn# kubectl get service -n services cray-bos-etcd-client
```

>        $

Reviewer: ````suggestion
       ```

       Example of output showing that the service was created:    

       ```text
       NAME                   TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
       cray-bos-etcd-client   ClusterIP   10.28.248.232   <none>        2379/TCP   2m
````

       ```
   

>       1. If service was not created repeat steps 1 to 3 for a new backup restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If the service was not created, then repeat the procedure for a new backup restore.
```

        ncn-w001# kubectl -n services delete etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com/cray-bos-etcd
        etcdrestore.etcd.database.coreos.com "cray-bos-etcd" deleted
        ```
        
4. Verify that the `cray-bos-etcd-client` service was created.

       ```bash
       ncn# kubectl get service -n services cray-bos-etcd-client
       ```

       Example of output showing that the service was created:    

       ```text
       NAME                   TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
       cray-bos-etcd-client   ClusterIP   10.28.248.232   <none>        2379/TCP   2m
       ```
   

>       If the service was not created, then repeat the procedure for a new backup restore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      If the `etcd-client` service was not created, then repeat the procedure to restore the cluster again.
```
